RoBOTICS Arm
Abstract:
The robotic arm is a moblie arduino based bot that is designed to imitate human arm. It has four degree of freedom .
It can presisely pick and drop things ,build stack etc.

COMPONNENTS REQUIRED:
EStimated electrical component of Robotics Arm:
1) arduino uno                
2)cnc shield                      
3) A4988 Stepper Motor driver 
3) S3003 Servo Motor        
4)Nema stepper motor          
            
 
        
5)jumper wire  
6)battery

CONNECTION:
      
        
        For arm:
        Arduino with cnc shield will be connected to four stepper motor and (1 or 2) servo motor.
        first stepper motor will be linked to base rotation in xy plane in 360 degrees.
        Second stepper motor will be linked to base to arm for rotation in yz plane in 180 degrees.
        Third stepper motor will act as elbow rotation in the plane of base arm in 180 degrees.
        fourth stepper motor will be responsible for rotaion of wrist in 360 degrees.
        At last servo motor will be placed as claws to pick and place items.

        Four A4988 Stepper Motor driver will be connected to cnc shield to drive four stepper motor.

        bluetooth module may be connected for coordinates and for data receiving in future versions.

        All the pins will be connected through jumper wire.A large battery of 12 v will be required to power the project.

About cnc shield:
        The CNC/Stepper Motor Shield for Arduino is a  shield which uses opensource firmware on arduino to control 4 stepper motors using 4 pieces of A4988 Stepper Motor driver breakout board. It can be applicable in various fields like :- Robotics,  linear motion project, CNC routers, laser cutters and many more.
    
About A4988 Stepper Motor driver:
    The A4988 Stepper Motor Driver Carrier is a breakout board for Allegro’s A4988 microstepping bipolar stepper motor driver that has the features of adjustable current limiting, over current and over temperature protection. It operates from 8 V to 35 V. It can be applicable for various DIY projects.



    REFERENCE:
    cnc shield: http://himalayansolution.com/storage/downloads/urkYjbpsGiOGoj7S8diZKR6ZEort1KSQKut2Yxxr.pdf
    A4988 Stepper Motor driver: http://himalayansolution.com/storage/downloads/flIxuvzblrR1ucXNoUgDv4GE6kmcJsPffXuenlTY.pdf

